Progress log:

LEGEND:
'+' = New feature

Day1:  (1 hour)
  + Finished the window and the ability to close it.


Day2: (3.5 hours)
GOALS: menu, movement, background
Movement: Partially done (Left and right movement)
Menu: didn't get to it
Background: Partially done (Black background)

  + Added a yellow cube as character and the ability to move left and right.

NOTE:
      In earlier versions of the code you also had the ability to move up and down but then it would be a top-down view game
      instead of a 2d platformer where you usually look at the game sideways.
      And with me trying to add jumping and acceleration this significantly halted my progress.
      However I did learn a thing or two.

Thoughts:
      This day was stressful as I had some problems with trying to get vectors to work.
      Making my program more unstable than earlier versions.


Day3: (2.83 hours, 2 hours and 50 minutes)
GOALS: Acceleration, platform, jumping
Acceleration: Fully done and added friction as well
platform: didn't get to it
jumping: didn't get to it

  + Added acceleration and friction

NOTE:
      This time I had a lot of frustration with the friction not being able to work, but I eventually managed to fix it.
      Things like these slow me down and keep me from doing other stuff therefore the reason why I didn't get to the other features.

Thoughts:
      I was very satisfied with the end result.
      Hopefully tomorrow I will be able to get it all done.

Day4: (2.083 hours, 2 hours and 5 minutes)
GOALS: Platform, jump
Platform: didn't manage to do it
jumping: didn't get to it

Thoughts: I'm thinking of redoing the entire program, because it's starting to become incompatitable with other stuff I'm trying to
do. The reason I think it will be better is because I've learned alot with the previous version that's why I might do a redo of
the program.

Day5: (1.5 hours)
GOALS: Fixing the code
Fixing the code: I Fixed it slightly

Thoughts: I was really not in the mood to do it today.

Day6: (1.5 hours)
Goals: Fixing the code
Fixing the code: I managed to make the player class a sprite and moved alot from the player class to the new game class
also added a lot of function in the game class

Thoughts: I'm happy that I managed to do so much in so little time. Unfortunately I stopped earlier because of work :/

Day7: (2.5 hours)
Goals: Fixing bugs
Fixing bugs: Didn't manage to do it. was very stuck on it and still haven't fixed it. going to look at it tommorow.

Thoughts: annoyed. I feel like quitting, but I still did learn alot from this project so far.
So if I ever decided to make a new project I would probably and or hopefully be more succesful.
